num of cases:285
Fr . Matthew Walsh
On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern , and only the arrival of college president Fr . // Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes .

Fr . Zahm
A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr . // Zahm , but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center , after Joseph LaFortune , an oil executive from Tulsa , Oklahoma .

No , No , No
The following year , the group released their self - titled debut album , scoring their first major hit " No , No // , No " .

" Single Ladies ( Put a Ring on It ) "
Beyoncé has won 20 Grammy Awards , both as a solo artist and member of Destiny 's Child , making her the second most honored female artist by the Grammys , behind Alison Krauss and the most nominated woman in Grammy Award history with 52 nominations . " // ( Put a Ring on It ) " won Song of the Year in 2010 while " Say My Name " and

Hope for Haiti Now : A Global Benefit
Beyoncé participated in George Clooney and Wyclef Jean 's Hope for Haiti // Now : A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief telethon and was named the official face of the limited edition CFDA " Fashion For Haiti " T - shirt , made by Theory which raised a total of $ 1 million .

Alexander I
The success of this concert led to an invitation to give a similar recital on the instrument before Tsar Alexander // I , who was visiting Warsaw ; the Tsar presented him with a diamond ring .

Rondo Op . 1
At a subsequent eolomelodicon concert on 10 June 1825 , Chopin performed his Rondo Op . // 1 .

Rondo Op . 1 .
At a subsequent eolomelodicon concert on 10 June 1825 , Chopin performed his Rondo Op . // 1 .

Introduction and Polonaise brillante in C major for cello and piano , Op . 3
For the prince and his pianist daughter Wanda , he composed his Introduction and Polonaise brillante in C major for cello and piano , Op . // 3 .

Piano Concerto No . 2 in F minor , Op . 21
He returned to Warsaw in September 1829 , where he premiered his Piano Concerto No . 2 in F minor , Op . // 21 on 17 March 1830 .

Op . 10 Études
Liszt was the dedicatee of Chopin 's Op . // 10 Études , and his performance of them prompted the composer to write to Hiller , " I should like to rob him of the way he plays my studies . "

Op . 58 sonata
In 1844 he wrote only the Op . // 58 sonata .

Chopin – The Women Behind The Music
Chopin – // The Women Behind The Music ( 2010 ) , and in a 2010 documentary realised by Angelo Bozzolini and Roberto Prosseda for Italian television .

Nocturne in E major Op . 62 No . 2
" The earliest recording was an 1895 performance by Paul Pabst of the Nocturne in E major Op . // No . 2 .

" No longer "
On 17 October , after midnight , the physician leaned over him and asked whether he was suffering greatly . " // No longer " , he replied .

the Barcarolle Op . 60
J. Barrie Jones suggests that " amongst the works that Chopin intended for concert use , the four ballades and four scherzos stand supreme " , and adds that " the Barcarolle Op . // 60 stands apart as an example of Chopin 's rich harmonic palette coupled with an Italianate warmth of melody . "

2001 : A Space Odyssey
After Chieco saw a prototype , he thought of the movie 2001 : // A Space Odyssey and the phrase " Open the pod bay door , Hal ! " , which refers to the white EVA Pods of the Discovery One spaceship .

Never Say Never Again
Never Say // Never Again , an updated remake of Thunderball , in 1983.[N 3 ]

02:28:01 PM China Standard Time
The 2008 Sichuan earthquake or the Great Sichuan earthquake , measured at 8.0 Ms and 7.9 Mw , and occurred at 02:28:01 // PM China Standard Time at epicenter ( 06:28:01 UTC ) on May 12 in Sichuan province , killed 69,197 people and left 18,222 missing .

Emmett Till
Emmett // Till , a black teenager who was murdered for flirting with a white woman in Mississippi in 1955 , and whose death is credited as a catalyst for the Civil Rights Movement , is also considered a model for Tom Robinson .

strengthen border crossings , provide training , and set up joint interdiction teams . It also helped to establish Tajikistani Drug Control Agency
UNODC is working with Tajikistan to strengthen border crossings , provide training , and set up joint interdiction teams . // It also helped to establish Tajikistani Drug Control Agency .

until Joseph I 's death in 1779
Made " Marquis of Pombal " in 1770 , he effectively ruled Portugal until Joseph // I 's death in 1779 .

the daughter of the Austrian Field Marshal Leopold Josef , Count von Daun
The Queen consort of Portugal , Archduchess Maria Anne Josefa of Austria , was fond of Melo ; and after his first wife died , she arranged the widowed de Melo 's second marriage to the daughter of the Austrian Field Marshal // Leopold Josef , Count von Daun .

Lisbon Metro and Metro Sul do Tejo in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area and Porto Metro in the Porto Metropolitan Area
The two largest metropolitan areas have subway systems : Lisbon Metro and Metro Sul // do Tejo in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area and Porto Metro in the Porto Metropolitan Area , each with more than 35 km ( 22 mi ) of lines .

Tell ' Em Why U Madd
At the close of the millennium , West ended up producing six songs for Tell ' Em // Why U Madd , an album that was released by D - Dot under the alias of The Madd Rapper ; a fictional character he created for a skit on The Notorious B.I.G. 's second and final studio album Life

Get Well Soon ...
Through The Wire " was first available on West 's Get // Soon ... mixtape , released December 2002 .

Get Well Soon
Through The Wire " was first available on West 's Get // Soon ... mixtape , released December 2002 .

" Niggas in Paris "
By employing a sales strategy that released the album digitally weeks before its physical counterpart , Watch the Throne became one of the few major label albums in the Internet age to avoid a leak . " // Niggas in Paris " became the record 's highest charting single , peaking at number five on the Billboard Hot 100 .

I Love You This Big
McCreery released his first single , " I Love // This Big " , as his coronation song , and Alaina released "

American Idol : The Untold Story
Just hours before the season eleven finale , where Phillip Phillips was named the winner , Richard Rushfield , author of the book American Idol : // The Untold Story , said , " You have this alliance between young girls and grandmas and they see it , not necessarily as a contest to create a pop star competing on the contemporary radio , but as .... who 's the nicest guy in a popularity contest , " he says , " And that has led to this dynasty of four , and possibly now five , consecutive , affable , very nice , good - looking white boys . "

" Every scientific man in order to preserve his reputation has to say he dislikes metaphysics . What he means is he dislikes having his metaphysics criticized . "
In the notes of one his students for a 1927 class , Whitehead was quoted as saying : " Every scientific man in order to preserve his reputation has to say he dislikes metaphysics . // What he means is he dislikes having his metaphysics criticized . "

Is It Too Late ? A Theology of Ecology
This work has been pioneered by John B. Cobb , Jr. , whose book Is It // A Theology of Ecology ( 1971 ) was the first single - authored book in environmental ethics .

For the Common Good : Redirecting the Economy toward Community , the Environment , and a Sustainable Future
For the Common Good // : Redirecting the Economy toward Community , the Environment , and a Sustainable Future ( 1989 ) , which applied Whitehead 's thought to economics , and received the Grawemeyer Award for Ideas Improving World Order .

Sustaining the Common Good : A Christian Perspective on the Global Economy
Cobb followed this with a second book , Sustaining the Common Good : // A Christian Perspective on the Global Economy ( 1994 ) , which aimed to challenge " economists ' zealous faith in the great god of growth . "

It is used for understanding and evaluating educational curriculum under the assumption that the purpose of education is to " help a person become whole . "
It is used for understanding and evaluating educational curriculum under the assumption that the purpose of education is to " help a person become whole . // " This work is in part the product of cooperation between Chinese government organizations and the Institute for the Postmodern Development of China .

this allows " a comprehensive exploration of life as perpetually active experiencing , as opposed to occasional – and thoroughly passive – happening . "
For Dibben , this allows " a comprehensive exploration of life as perpetually active experiencing , as opposed to occasional – and thoroughly passive – happening . // " Dibben has published two books on applied process thought , Applied Process Thought

" the experience dominating the primitive living organisms , which have a sense for the fate from which they have emerged , and the fate towards which they go . "
Whitehead describes causal efficacy as " the experience dominating the primitive living organisms , which have a sense for the fate from which they have emerged , and the fate towards which they go . // " It is , in other words , the sense of causal relations between entities , a feeling of being influenced and affected by the surrounding environment , unmediated by the senses .

" life is comparatively deficient in survival value . "
Whitehead makes the startling observation that " life is comparatively deficient in survival value . // " If humans can only exist for about a hundred years , and rocks for eight hundred million , then one is forced to ask why complex organisms ever evolved in the first place ; as Whitehead humorously notes , " they certainly did not appear because they were better at that game than the rocks around them . "

Integrative Process : Follettian Thinking from Ontology to Administration
This connection is further analyzed by Stout and Jeannine M. Love in Integrative Process : // Follettian Thinking from Ontology to Administration

Elizabeth I
After the assassination of William of Orange ( 10 July 1584 ) , both Henry III of France and Elizabeth // I of England declined the offer of sovereignty .

Holland and/or Zeeland
The States General of the United Provinces were in control of the Dutch East India Company ( VOC ) and the Dutch West India Company ( WIC ) , but some shipping expeditions were initiated by some of the provinces , mostly Holland // and/or Zeeland .

the Papal Bull In nomine Domini
In 1059 , during the pontificate of Nicholas II , cardinals were given the right to elect the pope under the Papal Bull // In nomine Domini .

by placing the title " Cardinal " ( abbreviated Card . ) after their personal name and before their surname
In accordance with tradition , they sign by placing the title " Cardinal " ( abbreviated Card . ) // after their personal name and before their surname as , for instance , " John Card(inal ) Doe " or , in Latin , " Ioannes Card(inalis )

[ First name ] Cardinal [ Surname ]
In Latin , on the other hand , the [ First name ] // Cardinal [ Surname ] order is used in the proclamation of the election of a new pope by the cardinal protodeacon : " Annuntio vobis gaudium magnum ; habemus Papam :

Wayman v. Southard
One of the earliest cases involving the exact limits of non - delegation was Wayman v. // Southard 23 U.S. ( 10 Wet . )

Doctor Who
The channel also introduced the science fiction show Doctor // Who on 23 November 1963 - at 17:16 - which went on to become one of Britain 's most iconic and beloved television programmes .

RCA Victor Records executive Ted Wallerstein
RCA Victor Records executive // Ted Wallerstein convinced CBS head William S. Paley to buy ARC and Paley made Wallerstein head of the newly acquired record company .

Thriller 25 by Michael Jackson , I Am ... Sasha Fierce by Beyoncé , Keeps Gettin ' Better : A Decade of Hits by Christina Aguilera , and Safe Trip Home by Dido
The last few albums to feature a Sony BMG logo were Thriller 25 by Michael Jackson , I Am ... // A Decade of Hits by Christina Aguilera , and Safe Trip Home by Dido .

Manga ! Manga ! The World of Japanese Comics
The publication of Frederik L. Schodt 's Manga ! // The World of Japanese Comics in 1983 led to the spread of use of the word manga outside Japan to mean " Japanese comics " or " Japanese - style comics " .

1000–1400 K , 700–1100 ° C or 1300–2000 ° F
At high temperatures ( 1000–1400 K , 700–1100 // ° C or 1300–2000 ° F ) , steam ( water vapor ) reacts with methane to yield carbon monoxide and H 2 .

Internet Relay Chat
Browsers which include additional components to support e - mail , Usenet news , and Internet Relay // Chat ( IRC ) , are sometimes referred to as " Internet suites " rather than merely " web browsers " .

St . Louis Rams
Then - St . // Louis Rams quarterback Kurt Warner , who was MVP of Super Bowl XXXIV , was first noticed because he played quarterback for the AFL 's Iowa Barnstormers .

Queen Elizabeth I
Soon after the defeat of the Spanish Armada in 1588 , London merchants presented a petition to Queen Elizabeth // I for permission to sail to the Indian Ocean .

“ Share the Games , Share our Dreams ”
The slogan of the 2014 Youth Olympic Games was “ Share the Games , Share our Dreams // ” .

Archives I
The National Archives Building , known informally as Archives // I , located north of the National Mall on Constitution Avenue in Washington , D.C. , opened as its original headquarters in 1935 .

Charles I
The status of the town was changed by a later charter of Charles // I by at once the formal separation from Portsmouth and the recognition of Southampton as a county

( c. 935 – 25 May 992 )
Mieszko I of Poland ( c. 935 – // 25 May 992 ) established an elite knightly retinue from within his army , which he depended upon for success in uniting the Lekhitic tribes and preserving the unity of his state .

gradually formed apart from Mieszko I 's and his successors ' elite retinues .
Representing the wealthier families of Poland and itinerant knights from abroad seeking their fortunes , this other class of rycerstwo , which became the szlachta / nobility ( " szlachta " becomes the proper term for Polish nobility beginning about the 15th century ) , gradually formed apart from Mieszko // I 's and his successors ' elite retinues .

the period following World War I
Until the period following World War // I the Near East and the Middle East coexisted , but they were not always seen as distinct .

under " North Africa . "
The WINEP bundles the countries of Northwest Africa together under " North Africa . // " Details can be found in Policy Focus # 65 .

people self - identifying as Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander
This nationwide acceptance and recognition of Aboriginal people led to a significant increase in the number of people self - identifying as Aboriginal or Torres // Strait Islander .

Rs . 230000
As of 2013 , the per capita income of Delhi was Rs . // 230000 , second highest in India after Goa .

CD4 + ( " helper " ) T cells , dendritic cells and macrophages
The most well - known disease that affects the immune system itself is AIDS , an immunodeficiency characterized by the suppression of CD4 + ( " helper " ) // T cells , dendritic cells and macrophages by the Human Immunodeficiency Virus ( HIV ) .

MPEG-2 Part 3
MPEG-2 // Part 3 also enhanced MPEG-1 's audio by allowing the coding of audio programs with more than two channels , up to 5.1 multichannel .

9 . April 2017
Except for three patents , the US patents administered by Sisvel had all expired in 2015 , however ( the exceptions are : U.S. Patent 5,878,080 , expires February 2017 , U.S. Patent 5,850,456 , expires February 2017 and U.S. Patent 5,960,037 , expires 9 . // April 2017 .

" It 's House "
Chip E. 's 1985 recording " // It 's House " may also have helped to define this new form of electronic music .

" When we Used to Play / Work your Body "
Blake Baxter 's 1986 recording , " // When we Used to Play / Work your Body " , 1987 's " Bounce Your Body to the Box " and " Force Field " , " The Sound / How to Play our Music " and " the Groove that Wo n't Stop " and a remix of " Grooving Without a Doubt " .

Knuckles , Jefferson , Fingers Inc. ( Heard ) and Adonis as the DJ International Tour
The tour in March 1987[citation needed ] of Knuckles , Jefferson , Fingers Inc. ( // as the DJ International Tour boosted house in the UK .

Aly - us
Influential gospel / R&B - influenced Aly // - us released " Time Passes

Houston – The Woodlands – Sugar Land
It is the principal city of Houston – // The Woodlands – Sugar Land , which is the fifth most populated metropolitan area in the United States .

director of threat intelligence operations at security technology company McAfee
The malware utilized is absolutely unsophisticated and uninteresting , " says Jim Walter , director of threat intelligence operations at security technology company // McAfee – meaning that the heists could have easily been stopped by existing antivirus software

Non - Core Property
( ii ) Non - // Core Property – a portfolio containing around 120 operational and developmental properties which College has determined are not core to the academic mission ; and ( iii ) Strategic Asset Investments – containing College ’s shareholding in Imperial Innovations and other restricted equity holdings .

Kleines Fest i m Großen Garten
The most important Cabaret - Event is the Kleines Fest // i m Großen Garten (

Nil Satis Nisi Optimum
The crest was accompanied by the club motto , " Nil Satis Nisi // Optimum " , meaning " Nothing but the best is good enough " .

Get Ready For This
In August 1994 , the club played 2 Unlimited 's song " Get Ready // For This " , and a month later , a reworking of the Creedence Clearwater Revival classic " Bad Moon Rising " .

Black Hawk Down
The book Black Hawk // Down was written about the battle , and was the basis for the later movie of the same name .

" The Boys Are Back in Town "
The Irish band Thin Lizzy , which had formed in the late 1960s , made their most substantial commercial breakthrough in 1976 with the hard rock album Jailbreak and their worldwide hit " // The Boys Are Back in Town " , which reached number 8 in the UK and number 12 in the US .

" I Do n't Want to Miss a Thing "
In 1998 , Aerosmith released the number one hit " // I Do n't Want to Miss a Thing " , which remains the only single by a hard rock band to debut at number one .

Elmore James , Muddy Waters , and Howlin ' Wolf
Early forms of hard rock can be heard in the work of Chicago blues musicians Elmore James , Muddy Waters , and Howlin ' // Wolf , The Kingsmen 's version of " Louie Louie " ( 1963 ) which made it a garage rock standard , and the songs of rhythm and blues influenced British Invasion acts , including " You Really Got Me " by The Kinks ( 1964 ) , " My Generation " by The Who ( 1965 ) , " Shapes of Things " ( 1966 ) by The Yardbirds and " ( I Ca n't Get No ) Satisfaction " ( 1965 ) by The Rolling Stones .

" It 's My Life "
Bon Jovi were still able to achieve a commercial hit with " // It 's My Life " from their double platinum - certified album Crush ( 2000 ) .

Glock .40 S&W pistol
In May 1997 , the FBI officially adopted the Glock .40 // S&W pistol for general agent use and first issued it to New Agent Class 98 - 1 in October 1997 .

−63 ° C ( −81 ° F )
The temperature in Antarctica has reached −89.2 ° C ( −128.6 ° F ) , though the average for the third quarter ( the coldest part of the year ) is −63 // ° C ( −81 ° F ) .

−63 ° C
The temperature in Antarctica has reached −89.2 ° C ( −128.6 ° F ) , though the average for the third quarter ( the coldest part of the year ) is −63 // ° C ( −81 ° F ) .

Melbourne @ Five Million strategy
Predictions of the city 's population reaching 5 million people pushed the state government to review the growth boundary in 2008 as part of its Melbourne @ // Five Million strategy .

Predictor AA No 1
It was a mechanical analogue computer Predictor AA // No 1 .

Abd al - Rahman I
Abd al - Rahman // I , the first emir of Cordoba , ordered the city destroyed in 755 during his wars against other nobility , but several years later his son , Abdullah , had a form of autonomous rule over the province of Valencia .

King Juan Carlos I
After the televised message of King Juan Carlos // I , those in the military who had not yet aligned themselves decided to remain loyal to the government , and the coup failed .

Lexicon Technicum : Or , An Universal English Dictionary of Arts and Sciences
The first technical dictionary was drafted by John Harris and entitled Lexicon Technicum : // Or , An Universal English Dictionary of Arts and Sciences .

Considerazioni sul processo criminale ( Considerations on the criminal trial , 1787 )
Another prominent intellectual was Francesco Mario Pagano , who wrote important studies such as Saggi Politici ( Political Essays , 1783 ) , one of the major works of the Enlightenment in Naples , and Considerazioni sul // processo criminale ( Considerations on the criminal trial , 1787 ) , which established him as an international authority on criminal law .

. These labels thereby ignore the individual 's personal sense of gender identity taking precedence over biological sex , rather than the other way around
1987 , Coleman and Bockting , 1988 , Blanchard , 1989 ) . // These labels thereby ignore the individual 's personal sense of gender identity taking precedence over biological sex , rather than the other way around .

42 U.S.C. § 1983
In recent times , however , prisoners have postponed execution through a final round of federal litigation using the Civil Rights Act of 1871 — codified at 42 U.S.C. § // 1983 — which allows people to bring lawsuits against state actors to protect their federal constitutional and statutory rights .

King Dagobert I of the Franks
King Dagobert // I of the Franks expelled the Jews from his Merovingian kingdom in 629 .

. Confusion with recalling acoustically similar letters rather than visually similar letters implies that the letters were encoded acoustically .
Conrad ( 1964 ) found that test subjects had more difficulty recalling collections of letters that were acoustically similar ( e.g. E , P , D ) . // Confusion with recalling acoustically similar letters rather than visually similar letters implies that the letters were encoded acoustically .

. A growing body of research now indicates that infants as young as 6-months can recall information
Up until the middle of the 1980s it was assumed that infants could not encode , retain , and retrieve information . // A growing body of research now indicates that infants as young as 6-months can recall information after a 24-hour delay .

the more impact it may have . However , short term exposure to stress also causes impairment in memory by interfering with the function of the hippocampus
The more long term the exposure to stress is , the more impact it may have . // However , short term exposure to stress also causes impairment in memory by interfering with the function of the hippocampus .

white or " other . "
Enumerators were instructed to classify free residents as white or " other . // " Only the heads of households were identified by name in the federal census until 1850 .

. Enumerators were instructed to classify free residents as white or " other . "
In 1790 , the first federal population census was taken in the United States . // " Only the heads of households were identified by name in the federal census until 1850 .

. Diverse immigration has brought more mixed - race people into the United States
In addition , social conditions have changed and many multiracial people do not believe it is socially advantageous to try to " pass " as white . // Diverse immigration has brought more mixed - race people into the United States , such as the large population of Hispanics identifying as mestizos .

King Louis Philippe I
In 1843 and 1845 , she and Albert stayed with King Louis Philippe // I at château d'Eu in Normandy ; she was the first British or English monarch to visit a French one since the meeting of Henry VIII of England and Francis I of France on the Field of the Cloth of Gold in 1520 .

stout , dowdy and no more than five feet tall
she was stout , // dowdy and no more than five feet tall —

Lodge of Edinburgh ( Mary 's Chapel ) No . 1 in Scotland
The minutes of the Lodge of Edinburgh ( Mary 's Chapel ) // No . 1 in Scotland show a continuity from an operative lodge in 1598 to a modern speculative Lodge .

the Lodge of Edinburgh ( Mary 's Chapel ) No . 1
The minutes of the Lodge of Edinburgh ( Mary 's Chapel ) // No . 1 in Scotland show a continuity from an operative lodge in 1598 to a modern speculative Lodge .

Mithridates I
It was founded by Mithridates // I in 291 BC and lasted until its conquest by the Roman Republic in 63 BC .

its " natural frontiers . "
Napoleon would remain as Emperor of France , but it would be reduced to its " natural frontiers . // " That meant that France could retain control of Belgium , Savoy and the Rhineland ( the west bank of the Rhine River ) , while giving up control of all the rest , including all of Spain and the Netherlands , and most of Italy and Germany .

the foundation announced in 2007 a review of its investments to assess social responsibility . It subsequently cancelled the review
In response to press criticism , the foundation announced in 2007 a review of its investments to assess social responsibility . // It subsequently cancelled the review and stood by its policy of investing for maximum return , while using voting rights to influence company practices .

Teach Plus , which was founded by new teachers and advocates against seniority - based layoffs
Union activists in Chicago have accused Gates Foundation grantee Teach // Plus , which was founded by new teachers and advocates against seniority - based layoffs , of " astroturfing " .

NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Championship
Northwestern played host to the first - ever NCAA Men 's Division // I Basketball Championship game in 1939 in the original Patten Gymnasium , which was later demolished and relocated farther north along with the Dearborn Observatory to make room for the Technological Institute .

Fortaleza del Cerro
Fortaleza del // Cerro overlooks the bay of Montevideo .

St . Catherine´s
Brendan´s school , before named St . // Catherine´s is a non - profit civil association , which has a solid institutional culture with a clear vision of the future .

St . Brendan´s school
Located in Cordon , St . // Brendan´s school , before named St .

Pre - Aztec tribes in south - central Mexico first domesticated the bird around 800 BC
The modern domesticated turkey is descended from one of six subspecies of wild turkey ( Meleagris gallopavo ) found in the present Mexican states of Jalisco , Guerrero and Veracruz . Pre - // Aztec tribes in south - central Mexico first domesticated the bird around 800 BC , and Pueblo Indians inhabiting the Colorado Plateau in the United States did likewise around 200 BC .

. Cell - based culture
A problem with using eggs for this purpose is that people with egg allergies are unable to be immunised , but this disadvantage may be overcome as new techniques for cell - based rather than egg - based culture become available . // Cell - based culture will also be useful in a pandemic when it may be difficult to acquire a sufficiently large quantity of suitable sterile , fertile eggs .

King Charles I
Unbeknown to Goring , in 1640 the document " failed to pass the Great Seal before King Charles // I fled London , which it needed to do for legal execution " .

Tsar Nicholas I of Russia
Some of the rooms are named and decorated for particular visitors , such as the 1844 Room , decorated in that year for the State visit of Tsar Nicholas // I of Russia , and , on the other side of the Bow Room , the 1855 Room , in honour of the visit of Emperor Napoleon III of France .

. MacArthur
While MacArthur felt total victory was the only honorable outcome , Truman was more pessimistic about his chances once involved in a land war in Asia , and felt a truce and orderly withdrawal from Korea could be a valid solution . // MacArthur was the subject of congressional hearings in May and June 1951 , which determined that he had defied the orders of the President and thus had violated the U.S. Constitution .

3G/4 G mobile internet
3G/4 // G mobile internet usage has been on a sharp increase in recent years , with a 340 % increase between August 2011 and August 2012 .

Nobile Teatro di San Giacomo di Corfù
The Nobile Teatro di // San Giacomo di Corfù was the first theatre and opera house of modern Greece and the place where the first Greek opera , Spyridon Xyndas ' The Parliamentary Candidate ( based on an exclusively Greek libretto ) was performed .

from 1 ° Sch . to 20 ° Sch
Speed was expressed in degrees Scheiner , originally ranging from 1 ° Sch . // to 20 ° Sch . ,

sRGB images — typically JPEG
Because the output level is measured in the sRGB output from the camera , it is only applicable to sRGB images // typically JPEG — and not to output files in raw image format .

Who Governs ? Democracy and Power in An American City
New Haven was the subject of Who Governs ? // Democracy and Power in An American City , a very influential book in political science by preeminent Yale professor Robert A. Dahl , which includes an extensive history of the city and thorough description of its politics in the 1950s .

City - Wide Open Studios
The Erector Square complex in the Fair Haven neighborhood houses the Parachute Factory gallery along with numerous artist studios , and the complex serves as an active destination during City - Wide Open // Studios held yearly in October .

" is to assist individuals in their quest for perfection and eternal life . "
BYU 's stated mission " is to assist individuals in their quest for perfection and eternal life . // " BYU is thus considered by its leaders to be at heart a religious institution , wherein , ideally , religious and secular education are interwoven in a way that encourages the highest standards in both areas .

PT . Mitra Adiperkasa .
Galeries Lafayette , Debenhams , Harvey Nichols , Marks & Spencer , Seibu and Sogo are all operated by PT . // Mitra Adiperkasa .

the Seminoles lands west of the Mississippi River if they agreed to leave Florida . Many Seminole left at this time .
In 1832 , the Treaty of Payne 's Landing promised to the Seminoles lands west of the Mississippi River if they agreed to leave Florida . // Many Seminole left at this time .

mid January range from the low 40s Fahrenheit ( 4–7 ° C ) in northern Florida to above 60 ° F ( 16 ° C ) from Miami on southward
Mean low temperatures for early to mid January range from the low 40s // Fahrenheit ( 4–7 ° C ) in northern Florida to above 60 ° F ( 16 ° C ) from Miami on southward .

2,400 and 2,800 hours of sunshine annually . The rest of the state , including Miami , receives between 2,800 and 3,200 hours annually
A narrow eastern part of the state including Orlando and Jacksonville receives between 2,400 and 2,800 hours of sunshine annually . // The rest of the state , including Miami , receives between 2,800 and 3,200 hours annually .

those of ( non - Hispanic white ) European ancestry accounted for 57.9 % of Florida 's population
As of 2010 , those of ( non - Hispanic white ) // European ancestry accounted for 57.9 % of Florida 's population .

racial minorities and white liberals . Because of this , the area has consistently voted as one of the most Democratic areas of the state
South Florida and the Miami metropolitan area are dominated by both racial minorities and white liberals . // Because of this , the area has consistently voted as one of the most Democratic areas of the state .

Daytona Beach , Orlando , and Tampa / St . Petersburg , has had a fairly even breakdown of Republican and Democratic voters
The fast - growing I-4 corridor area , which runs through Central Florida and connects the cities of Daytona Beach , Orlando , and Tampa / St . // Petersburg , has had a fairly even breakdown of Republican and Democratic voters .

De La Lane Studios
In 1972 , Queen entered discussions with Trident Studios after being spotted at De La Lane // Studios by John Anthony and after discussions were offered a management deal by Norman Sheffield under Neptune Productions , a subsidiary of Trident to manage the band and enable them to use the facilities at Trident to record new material whilst the management search for a record label to sign Queen .

Thank God It 's Christmas
The package included previously unreleased material , most notably Queen 's non - album single of Christmas 1984 , titled " Thank God // It 's Christmas " .

We Will Rock You
We Will Rock // You has become the longest running musical ever to run at this prime London theatre , overtaking the previous record holder , the Grease musical .

Glee : The Music , The Power of Madonna
Glee : // The Music , The Power of Madonna , an EP containing eight cover versions of Madonna songs featured in the episode , was released afterward and debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 .

British Chindits were formed into long - range penetration groups trained to operate deep behind Japanese lines . A similar American unit , Merrill 's Marauders
Wingate 's British Chindits were formed into long - range penetration groups trained to operate deep behind Japanese lines . // A similar American unit , Merrill 's Marauders , followed the Chindits into the Burmese jungle in 1943 .

Aung Zan Wai , Pe Khin , Bo Hmu Aung , Sir Maung Gyi , Dr. Sein Mya Maung , Myoma U Than Kywe
Aung Zan Wai , Pe Khin , Bo Hmu Aung , Sir Maung Gyi , Dr. Sein Mya Maung , Myoma U // Than Kywe were among the negotiators of the historical Panglong Conference negotiated with Bamar leader General Aung San and other ethnic leaders in 1947 .

changed the British tabloid concept more profoundly than [ Larry ] Lamb did "
The new editor of The Sun , Kelvin MacKenzie , took up his post in 1981 just after these developments , and " changed the British tabloid concept more profoundly than [ Larry ] // Lamb did " , according to Bruce Page , MacKenzie

" Here It Comes , Senors ... "
Under the headline " Stick This Up Your Junta : A Sun missile for Galtieri ’s gauchos " , the newspaper published a photograph of a missile , ( actually a Polaris missile stock shot from the Ministry of Defence ) which had a large Sun logo printed on its side with the caption " // Here It Comes , Senors ... " underneath .

" Do You Really Want This Old Fool To Run Britain ? "
The Sun ran a front page featuring an unflattering photograph of Michael Foot , then aged almost 70 , claiming he was unfit to be Prime Minister on grounds of his age , appearance and policies , alongside the headline " Do You Really Want This Old Fool // " A year later , in 1984 , The Sun made clear its enthusiastic support for the re - election of Ronald Reagan as president in the USA .

categorically denied having " been made aware of any threat from Al - Qaeda or any other proscribed organisation . "
Later that morning , however , Greater Manchester Police categorically denied having " been made aware of any threat from Al - Qaeda or any other proscribed organisation . // " The Sun published a small correction on 28 December , admitting " that while cast and crew were subject to full body searches , there was no specific threat from Al - Qaeda as we reported .

I ’m not saying gag her : I ’m saying fight her
I ’m not saying gag her : // I ’m saying fight her " .

Nürnberg . On Carnival Thursday
Other cities have their own , often less well - known celebrations , parades and parties such as Worms am Rhein , Speyer , Kaiserslautern , Frankfurt , Darmstadt , Mannheim , Ludwigshafen , Stuttgart , Augsburg and München [ Munich ] Nürnberg . // On Carnival Thursday ( called " Old Women Day " or " The Women 's Day " ) in commemoration of an 1824 revolt by washer - women , women storm city halls , cut men 's ties , and are allowed to kiss any passing man .

Fiesta de las Flores y las Frutas
In Ambato , the festivities are called Fiesta de las // y las Frutas (

Shepperton Studios , based on aerial photographs of the city 's railway marshalling yards . The decoys were fitted with dim red lights
It was laid out by Shepperton Studios , based on aerial photographs of the city 's railway marshalling yards . // The decoys were fitted with dim red lights , simulating activities like the stoking of steam locomotives .

King Charles I , river tolls were levied on boats to pay for the maintenance of the bridge .
At the same site during the reign of King Charles // I , river tolls were levied on boats to pay for the maintenance of the bridge .

Cheddar cheese — some of which has the West Country Farmhouse Cheddar Protected Designation of Origin ( PDO ) .
Development of the milk - based industries , such as Ilchester Cheese Company and Yeo Valley Organic , have resulted in the production of ranges of desserts , yoghurts and cheeses , including Cheddar cheese — some of which has the West Country // Farmhouse Cheddar Protected Designation of Origin ( PDO ) .

the county has supplied aggregates . Foster Yeoman is Europe 's large supplier of limestone aggregates
Since the 1920s , the county has supplied aggregates . // Foster Yeoman is Europe 's large supplier of limestone aggregates , with quarries at Merehead Quarry .

The Ann Arbor Hands - On Museum
The Ann Arbor Hands - // On Museum is located in a renovated and expanded historic downtown fire station .

29 ° 02′S 167 ° 57′E﻿ / ﻿29.033 ° S 167.950 ° E﻿ / -29.033 ; 167.950
Norfolk Island is the main island of the island group the territory encompasses and is located at 29 ° 02′S // 167.950 .

Ss . Silvestro e Martino
When the pope raised Montini to the cardinalate on 15 December 1958 , he became Cardinal - Priest of Ss . // Silvestro e Martino ai Monti .

Msgr . Paul Marcinkus
y Amor Flores , who was subdued by the pope 's personal bodyguard and trip organizer , Msgr . // Paul Marcinkus .

145 Piccadilly
The Duke and Duchess and their two daughters lived a relatively sheltered life at their London residence , 145 // Piccadilly .

27 /km² ( 70 /sq mi )
In the largest Canton of Graubünden , lying entirely in the Alps , population density falls to 27 /km² // mi ) .

Raleigh IceCaps of the ECHL ( 1991–1998 ) ; Carolina Cobras of the Arena Football
Several other professional sports leagues have had former franchises ( now defunct ) in Raleigh , including the Raleigh IceCaps of the ECHL ( 1991–1998 ) ; // Carolina Cobras of the Arena Football League ( 2000–2004 ) ; the Raleigh – Durham Skyhawks of the World League of American Football ( 1991 ) ; the Raleigh Bullfrogs of the Global Basketball Association ( 1991–1992 ) ; the Raleigh Cougars of the United States Basketball League ( 1997–1999 ) ; and most recently , the Carolina Courage of the Women 's United Soccer Association ( 2000–2001 in Chapel Hill , 2001–2003 in suburban Cary ) , which won that league 's championship Founders Cup in 2002 .

“ wonder ”
An entry written by D. Mitchell featured in ‘ ‘ The English Journal ’’ explains how the author utilized young adult literature in order to re - experience the emotional psychology she experienced as a child which she describes as a state of “ wonder // ” .

a nature within them that demonstrates their true “ self ”
The theory suggests that human beings possess a nature within them that demonstrates their true “ self // ”

inhabitation in the region of Utrecht , dating back to the Stone Age ( app . 2200 BCE )
Although there is some evidence of earlier inhabitation in the region of Utrecht , dating back to the Stone Age ( app . // 2200 BCE ) and settling in the Bronze Age ( app .

Utrecht has an extensive network of cycle paths , making cycling safe and popular . 33 % of journeys within the city are by bicycle
Like most Dutch cities , Utrecht has an extensive network of cycle paths , making cycling safe and popular . // 33 % of journeys within the city are by bicycle , more than any other mode of transport .

well - connected to the Dutch road network . Two of the most important major roads serve the city of Utrecht :
Utrecht is well - connected to the Dutch road network . // Two of the most important major roads serve the city of Utrecht : the A12 and A2 motorways connect Amsterdam , Arnhem , The Hague and Maastricht , as well as Belgium and Germany .

The most prominent of these is Utrecht University ( est . 1636 ) , the largest university of the Netherlands with 30,449 students
The most prominent of these is Utrecht University ( est . // the largest university of the Netherlands with 30,449 students ( as of 2012 ) .

He was the cleverest man I ever knew , without exception . He was a genius .
Lothar Wolfgang Nordheim described von Neumann as the " fastest mind I ever met " , and Jacob Bronowski wrote " He was the cleverest man I ever knew , without exception . // He was a genius . "

De humani corporis fabrica ( On the Workings of the Human Body )
The Scientific Revolution is traditionally held by most historians to have begun in 1543 , when the books De humani corporis fabrica ( // On the Workings of the Human Body ) by Andreas Vesalius , and also De Revolutionibus , by the astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus , were first printed .

Some Digimon act feral . Most , however , are capable of intelligence and human speech
Some Digimon act feral . // Most , however , are capable of intelligence and human speech .

related to the shielded proton magnetic moment μ′p , the spin number I ( I = 1⁄2 for protons ) and the reduced Planck constant .
The gyromagnetic ratio is related to the shielded proton magnetic moment // μ′p , the spin number I ( I = 1⁄2 for protons ) and the reduced Planck constant .

E ! Entertainment Television , the Golf Channel , and NBCSN
Comcast operates multiple cable - only channels ( including E ! // Entertainment Television , the Golf Channel , and NBCSN ) , over - the - air national broadcast network channels ( NBC and Telemundo ) , the film production studio Universal Pictures , and Universal Parks & Resorts , with a global total of nearly 200 family entertainment locations and attractions in the U.S. and several other countries including U.A.E. , South Korea , Russia and China , with several new locations reportedly planned and being developed for future operation .

Ziehl – Neelsen stain
The most common acid - fast staining techniques are the Ziehl – // Neelsen stain and the Kinyoun stain , which dye acid - fast bacilli a bright red that stands out against a blue background .

From Ending Affirmative Action : The Case for Colorblind Justice
Terry Eastland , the author who wrote From Ending Affirmative Action : // The Case for Colorblind Justice states , " Most arguments for affirmative action fall into two categories : remedying past discrimination and promoting diversity " .

. All clubs in the top four levels ( the Premier League and the three divisions of the Football League ) are automatically eligible
The competition is open to any club down to Level 10 of the English football league system which meets the eligibility criteria . // All clubs in the top four levels ( the Premier League and the three divisions of the Football League ) are automatically eligible .

. Replays were traditionally played three or four days after the original game , but from 1991–92 they were staged at least 10 days later on police advice .
Some ties took as many as six matches to settle ; in their 1975 campaign , Fulham played a total of 12 games over six rounds , which remains the most games played by a team to reach a final . // Replays were traditionally played three or four days after the original game , but from 1991–92 they were staged at least 10 days later on police advice .

. It was played 22 times in the Oval
In the 51 years prior to the Empire Stadium opening , the final ( including 8 replays ) was held in a variety of locations , predominantly in London , and mainly at the Kennington Oval and then Crystal Palace . // It was played 22 times in the Oval ( the inaugural competition in 1872 , and then all but two times until 1892 ) .

. The FA decided to change the design after the 1909 winners , Manchester United , made their own replica ,
It was stolen in 1895 and never recovered , and so was replaced by an exact replica , used until 1910 . // The FA decided to change the design after the 1909 winners , Manchester United , made their own replica , leading the FA to realise they did not own the copyright .

80 year old career criminal Henry ( Harry ) James Burge claimed to have committed the theft
Almost 60 years later , 80 year old career criminal Henry ( Harry ) // James Burge claimed to have committed the theft , confessing to a newspaper , with the story being published in the Sunday Pictorial newspaper on 23 February 1958 .

Lord Kinnaird . Kinnaird died in 1923 ,
After being rendered obsolete by the redesign , the 1895 replica was presented in 1910 to the FA 's long - serving president Lord Kinnaird . // Kinnaird died in 1923 , and his family kept it in their possession , out of view , until putting it up for auction in 2005 .

. It is considered particularly newsworthy when a top Premier League team suffers an upset defeat , or where the giant - killer is a non - league club
Almost every club in the League Pyramid has a fondly remembered giant - killing act in its history . // It is considered particularly newsworthy when a top Premier League team suffers an upset defeat , or where the giant - killer is a non - league club , i.e. from outside the professional levels of The Football League .

A.C. Underwood and William R. Estep . Gourley
Representative writers including A.C. Underwood and William R. Estep . // Gourley wrote that among some contemporary Baptist scholars who emphasize the faith of the community over soul liberty , the Anabaptist influence theory is making a comeback .

These will increase abuse of the children . In poor countries with very high incidence rates of child labour
These will increase abuse of the children . // In poor countries with very high incidence rates of child labour - such as Ethiopia , Chad , Niger and Nepal - schools are not available , and the few schools that exist offer poor quality education or are unaffordable .

the first volume of the 3-volume Book of Mormon Critical Text in 1984 . The third volume of that first edition was published in 1987
Thus was born the FARMS Critical Text Project which published the first volume of the 3-volume Book of Mormon Critical Text in 1984 . // The third volume of that first edition was published in 1987 , but was already being superseded by a second , revised edition of the entire work , greatly aided through the advice and assistance of then Yale doctoral candidate Grant Hardy , Dr. Gordon C. Thomasson , Professor John W. Welch ( the head of FARMS ) , Professor Royal Skousen , and others too numerous to mention here .

Alabama Jubilee and Please Do n't Talk About Me When I 'm Gone
Guitarist & vocalist Leon Redbone released a promotional 78 rpm record in 1978 featuring two songs ( Alabama Jubilee and Please Do n't Talk About Me // When I 'm Gone ) from his Champagne Charlie album .

45 rpm player was a luxury few could afford at the time
This is because the majority of those sales in 1954–55 were to the " hillbilly " market in the South and Southwestern United States , where replacing the family 78 rpm player with a new 45 rpm player was // a luxury few could afford at the time .

I Got Stung / One Night
The last Presley single released on 78 in the United States was RCA Victor 20 - 7410 , I Got Stung / // One Night ( 1958 ) , while the last 78 in the UK was RCA 1194 , A Mess Of Blues / Girl Of My Best Friend ( 1960 ) .

Walt Disney Studios
Besides its deals to broadcast film releases from Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer and Warner Bros. Entertainment , Turner Classic Movies also maintains movie licensing rights agreements with Universal Studios , Paramount Pictures , 20th Century Fox , Walt Disney // Studios ( primarily film content from Walt Disney Pictures , as well as most of the Selznick International Pictures library ) , Sony Pictures Entertainment ( primarily film content from Columbia Pictures ) , StudioCanal , and Janus Films .

" Only You "
In 1983 an a cappella group known as The Flying Pickets had a Christmas ' number one ' in the UK with a cover of Yazoo 's ( known in the US as Yaz ) " // Only You " .

Pope Gregory IX
The order was appointed by Pope Gregory // IX the duty to carry out the Inquisition .

St George 's , Ascot , St Mary 's School Ascot , Windsor Girls ' School and Heathfield St Mary 's School
Often girls from surrounding schools , such as St George 's , Ascot , St Mary 's School Ascot , Windsor Girls ' School and Heathfield // St Mary 's School , are cast in female roles .

Perkin Warbeck
In 1491 , Cork played a part in the English Wars of the Roses when Perkin // Warbeck a pretender to the English throne , landed in the city and tried to recruit support for a plot to overthrow Henry VII of England .

~550 nm
In additive color devices such as computer displays and televisions , one of the primary light sources is typically a narrow - spectrum yellowish - green of dominant wavelength ~550 // nm ; this " green " primary is combined with an orangish - red " red " primary and a purplish - blue " blue " primary to produce any color in between – the RGB color model .

UTF-8 , UTF-16 and the now - obsolete UCS-2
The most commonly used encodings are UTF-8 , // UTF-16 and the now - obsolete UCS-2 .

UTF-8 and UTF-16
UTF-8 // and UTF-16 are probably the most commonly used encodings .

Thai characters . The vowels เ , แ , โ , ใ , ไ that are written to the left of the preceding consonant are in visual order instead of phonetic order
Thai alphabet support has been criticized for its ordering of Thai characters . // The vowels เ , แ , โ , ใ , ไ that are written to the left of the preceding consonant are in visual order instead of phonetic order , unlike the Unicode representations of other Indic scripts .

Nero Claudius Drusus
The Romans under Nero Claudius // Drusus established a military outpost belonging to the Germania Superior Roman province at Strasbourg 's current location , and named it Argentoratum .

well over 100 ° F
Severe drought is common in the hottest summers , such as those of 1934 , 1954 , 1980 and 2011 , all of which featured weeks on end of virtual rainlessness and high temperatures well over 100 // ° F ( 38 ° C ) .

Nawab of Bengal Siraj Ud Daulah
The Nawab of Bengal Siraj // Ud Daulah , the de facto ruler of the Bengal province , opposed British attempts to use these permits .

Heikal , Sadat , and Nasser 's wife Tahia
Nasser died several hours later , around 6:00 p.m. Heikal , Sadat , and Nasser 's wife // Tahia were at his deathbed .

The Penrose – Hawking singularity theorems
The Penrose – // Hawking singularity theorems require the existence of a singularity at the beginning of cosmic time .

Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots
A functional version of the system was not present there , nor at the Tokyo Game Show in September 2005 , although demonstrations ( such as Metal Gear // : Guns of the Patriots ) were held at both events on software development kits and comparable personal computer hardware .

" Recently Played "
There are four kinds of content the What 's New screen displays and links to , on the sections . " // Recently Played " displays the user 's recently played games and online services only , whereas , the other sections can contain website links , links to play videos and access to selected sections of the PlayStation Store .

The Crown Office ( Forms and Proclamations Rules ) Order 1992
The standard text of the letters patent is set out in The Crown Office ( Forms and Proclamations Rules ) // Order 1992 , with minor amendments in 2000 .

" The Second Chamber of the States General sends the following approved proposal of law to the First Chamber "
After the House of Representatives has debated the law , it either approves it and sends it to the Senate with the text " // The Second Chamber of the States General sends the following approved proposal of law to the First Chamber " , or it rejects it and returns it to the government with the text " The Second Chamber of the States General has rejected the accompanying proposal of law . "

" To the King , The States General have accepted the proposal of law as it is offered here . "
If the upper house then approves the law , it sends it back to the government with the text " // To the King , The States General have accepted the proposal of law as it is offered here . "

Mouvement pour la Libération du Peuple Centrafricain
Patassé 's party , the Mouvement pour la // Libération du Peuple Centrafricain ( MLPC ) or Movement for the Liberation of the Central African People , gained a simple but not an absolute majority of seats in parliament , which meant Patassé 's party required coalition partners.[citation needed ]

. Testing peak expiratory flow
Other supportive evidence includes : a ≥20 % difference in peak expiratory flow rate on at least three days in a week for at least two weeks , a ≥20 % improvement of peak flow following treatment with either salbutamol , inhaled corticosteroids or prednisone , or a ≥20 % decrease in peak flow following exposure to a trigger . // Testing peak expiratory flow is more variable than spirometry , however , and thus not recommended for routine diagnosis .

God is not omnipotent . A being that is not omnipotent , though , is not God
Either way , then , God is not omnipotent . // A being that is not omnipotent , though , is not God , according to many theological models .

" Rändajad " by Urban Symphony
Lenna Kuurmaa is a very popular singer in Europe[citation needed ] , with her band Vanilla Ninja . " // Rändajad " by Urban Symphony , was the first ever song in Estonian to chart in the UK , Belgium , and Switzerland .

subject – verb – object
Serbo - Croatian is a pro - drop language with flexible word order , subject // – verb – object being the default .

" the race concept . "
He further argued that one could use the term race if one distinguished between " race differences " and " the race concept . // " The former refers to any distinction in gene frequencies between populations ; the latter is " a matter of judgment . "

the sacred cave at Delphi . Apollo
After receiving them , Apollo cornered Python in the sacred cave at Delphi . // Apollo killed Python but had to be punished for it , since Python was a child of Gaia .

" I 'm John Kerry and I 'm reporting for duty . "
In accepting the nomination , he began his speech with , " I 'm John Kerry // and I 'm reporting for duty . "

Prince Naka no Ōe ( Emperor Tenji )
One of the most important was that of the Taika Reform , issued by Prince Naka // no Ōe ( Emperor Tenji ) in 646 AD .

hot - summer Mediterranean climate ( Köppen climate classification : Csa ) .
Palermo experiences a hot - summer Mediterranean climate ( Köppen climate classification : // Csa ) .

Henüz On Yedi Yaşında
In a similar vein , the novelist Ahmed Midhat Efendi wrote important novels in each of the major movements : Romanticism ( Hasan Mellâh yâhud Sırr İçinde Esrâr , 1873 ; " Hasan the Sailor , or The Mystery Within the Mystery " ) , Realism ( Henüz // On Yedi Yaşında , 1881 ; " Just Seventeen Years Old " ) , and Naturalism ( Müşâhedât , 1891 ; " Observations " ) .

. There is little to no structural damage .
Secretory diarrhea means that there is an increase in the active secretion , or there is an inhibition of absorption . // There is little to no structural damage .

Schuylkill Valley Metro to Wyomissing , PA , and extension of the Media / Elwyn line back to Wawa , PA . SEPTA 's Airport Regional Rail Line Regional Rail
These projects include the proposed Schuylkill Valley Metro to Wyomissing , PA , and extension of the Media / Elwyn line back to Wawa , PA . // SEPTA 's Airport Regional Rail Line Regional Rail offers direct service to the Philadelphia International Airport .

" ... you end up getting us stuck in a war in Iraq . Just ask President Bush . "
In Kerry 's prepared remarks , which he released during the ensuing media frenzy , the corresponding line was " ... you end up getting us stuck in a war in Iraq . // Just ask President Bush . "

Frederick A. " Fred " Kerry
Kerry 's paternal grandparents , shoe businessman Frederick A. // " Fred " Kerry and musician Ida Lowe , were immigrants from the Austro - Hungarian Empire .

Francisco de Irrisarri y Vinar
. Francisco de // Irrisarri y Vinar controlled internal affairs more strictly than his predecessors in order to curb tensions .

. Chenchule
Two aspects of indigenous pre - Hispanic culture that withstood time are chenchule ' and inafa'maolek . // Chenchule ' is the intricate system of reciprocity at the heart of Chamorro society .

−32 ° F
The highest recorded temperature is 113 ° F ( 45 ° C ) at Perryville on August 9 , 1930 while the lowest recorded temperature is −32 // ° F ( −36 ° C ) at Mountain City on December 30 , 1917 .

Cold Cave , She Wants Revenge , Eagulls , the Soft Moon , She Past Away and Light Asylum
Additionally , some darker post - punk bands began to appear in the indie music scene in the 2010s , including Cold Cave , // She Past Away and Light Asylum , who were also affiliated with the darkwave revival , as well as A Place to Bury Strangers , who combined early post - punk and shoegaze .

. Prussia , having secured Silesia , had come to terms with Austria
Neither group , however , found much reason to be satisfied with its partnership : British subsidies to Austria had produced nothing of much help to the British , while the British military effort had not saved Silesia for Austria . // Prussia , having secured Silesia , had come to terms with Austria in disregard of French interests .

France was so enraged , and terrified , by the sudden betrayal of its only ally . Austria ,
Not only that France was so enraged , and terrified , by the sudden betrayal of its only ally . // Austria , particularly Kaunitz , used this situation to their utmost advantage .

Austria , particularly Kaunitz , used this situation to their utmost advantage . The now - isolated France
Austria , particularly Kaunitz , used this situation to their utmost advantage . // The now - isolated France was forced to accede to the Austro - Russian alliance or face ruin .

picked up 16,000 men who had escaped from the battle . With this army he slowly moved to relieve Prague .
Austrian Marshal Daun arrived too late to participate in the battle of Prague , but picked up 16,000 men who had escaped from the battle . // With this army he slowly moved to relieve Prague .

successive governments led by Newcastle and Pitt had fallen . In August 1757 , the two men agreed to a political partnership and formed a coalition
Since 1756 , successive governments led by Newcastle and Pitt had fallen . // In August 1757 , the two men agreed to a political partnership and formed a coalition government that gave new , firmer direction to the war effort .

. Spain , aided by the French , launched an invasion of Portugal and succeeded in capturing Almeida
Portugal followed by joining the war on Britain 's side . // Spain , aided by the French , launched an invasion of Portugal and succeeded in capturing Almeida .

. One of them , led by general Platen in September resulted in the loss of 2,000 Russians , mostly captured , and the destruction of 5,000 wagons
The Russian army was heavily dependent upon its main magazines in Poland , and the Prussian army launched several successful raids against them . // One of them , led by general Platen in September resulted in the loss of 2,000 Russians , mostly captured , and the destruction of 5,000 wagons .

. In Britain , it was speculated that a total Prussian collapse was now imminent .
The loss of Kolberg cost Prussia its last port on the Baltic Sea . // In Britain , it was speculated that a total Prussian collapse was now imminent .

Russian Empress Elizabeth died . Her Prussophile successor , Peter III , at once recalled Russian armies from Berlin
Then on 5 January 1762 the Russian Empress Elizabeth died . // Her Prussophile successor , Peter III , at once recalled Russian armies from Berlin ( see : the Treaty of Saint Petersburg ( 1762 ) ) and mediated Frederick 's truce with Sweden .

Genius : The Life and Science of Richard Feynman
What Other People Think ? and books written about him , such as Tuva or Bust ! and Genius : // The Life and Science of Richard Feynman by James Gleick .

The Character of Physical Law , QED : The Strange Theory of Light and Matter
Many of his lectures and miscellaneous talks were turned into other books , including The Character of Physical Law , QED : // The Strange Theory of Light and Matter , Statistical Mechanics , Lectures on Gravitation , and the Feynman Lectures on Computation .

' Well , it still might be true . ' "
— a fix - up to say , ' Well , it still might be true . ' // " These words have since been much - quoted by opponents of the string - theoretic direction for particle physics .

What Do You Care What Other People Think ?
What Do You Care // What Other People Think ? to his experience on the Rogers Commission , straying from his usual convention of brief , light - hearted anecdotes to deliver an extended and sober narrative .

uprising led by the National Transitional Council ( NTC ) broke out , resulting in the Libyan Civil War . NATO intervened militarily on the side of the NTC
Amid the Arab Spring , in 2011 an anti - Gaddafist uprising led by the National Transitional Council ( NTC ) broke out , resulting in the Libyan Civil War . // NATO intervened militarily on the side of the NTC , bringing about the government 's downfall .

he led a demonstration protesting Syria 's secession from the United Arab Republic . During this they broke windows of a local hotel accused of serving alcohol .
In October 1961 , he led a demonstration protesting Syria 's secession from the United Arab Republic . // During this they broke windows of a local hotel accused of serving alcohol .

President Gamal Abdel Nasser . Nasser argued for Arab nationalism ; the rejection of Western colonialism , neo - colonialism , and Zionism
Gaddafi admired the political changes implemented in the Arab Republic of Egypt under his hero , President Gamal Abdel Nasser . // Nasser argued for Arab nationalism ; the rejection of Western colonialism , neo - colonialism , and Zionism ; and a transition from capitalism to socialism .

6–8 ° C ( 43–46 ° F )
61–63 ° F ) during the day and 6–8 ° C // ( 43–46 ° F ) at night .

Saving Private Ryan , Catch Me If You Can , The Terminal , and Bridge of Spies
Spielberg has used Tom Hanks on several occasions and has cast him in Saving Private Ryan , Catch Me // If You Can , The Terminal , and Bridge of Spies .

they can be up to 1 meter ( 3 ft . ) tall
they have a lower capacity , and they can be up to 1 meter ( 3 ft . ) // tall .

A large influx of Americans soon followed , originally with the approval of Mexico 's president . In 1836
A large influx of Americans soon followed , originally with the approval of Mexico 's president . // In 1836 , the now largely " American " Texans , fought a war of independence from the central government of Mexico and established the Republic of Texas .

California , Nevada , Arizona , Utah , western Colorado and southwestern Wyoming became part of the Mexican territory of Alta California
After the Mexican War of Independence from Spain also , California , Nevada , Arizona , Utah , western Colorado and southwestern // Wyoming became part of the Mexican territory of Alta California and most of New Mexico , western Texas , southern Colorado , southwestern Kansas , and Oklahoma panhandle were part of the territory of Santa Fe de Nuevo México .

At over 5 million , Puerto Ricans are easily the 2nd largest Hispanic group . Of all major Hispanic groups
At over 5 million , Puerto Ricans are easily the 2nd largest Hispanic group . // Of all major Hispanic groups , Puerto Ricans are the least likely to be proficient in Spanish , but millions of Puerto Rican Americans living in the U.S. mainland nonetheless are fluent in Spanish .

increasing the Spanish - speaking populations and in some areas being the majority of the Hispanophone population , especially in Central Florida . In Hawaii
Puerto Ricans are natural - born U.S. citizens , and many Puerto Ricans have migrated to New York City , Orlando , Philadelphia , and other areas of the Eastern United States , increasing the Spanish - speaking populations and in some areas being the majority of the Hispanophone population , especially in Central Florida . // In Hawaii , where Puerto Rican farm laborers and Mexican ranchers have settled since the late 19th century , 7.0 per cent of the islands ' people are either Hispanic or Hispanophone or both .

20–30 % of El Salvador 's population emigrated . About 50 % , or up to 500,000 of those who escaped headed to the United States ,
The largest immigration wave occurred as a result of the Salvadoran Civil War in the 1980s , in which 20–30 % of El Salvador 's population emigrated . // About 50 % , or up to 500,000 of those who escaped headed to the United States , which was already home to over 10,000 Salvadorans , making Salvadorans Americans the fourth - largest Hispanic and Latino American group , after the Mexican - American majority , stateside Puerto Ricans , and Cubans .

Salvadorans fled their country and came to the United States . Between 1980 and 1990
As civil wars engulfed several Central American countries in the 1980s , hundreds of thousands of Salvadorans fled their country and came to the United States . // Between 1980 and 1990 , the Salvadoran immigrant population in the United States increased nearly fivefold from 94,000 to 465,000 .

mostly to Florida , but New York City and Houston are other destinations ) . The largest concentration of Venezuelans in the United States is in South Florida
In the 2000s , more Venezuelans opposing the economic and political policies of president Hugo Chávez migrated to the United States ( mostly to Florida , but New York City and Houston are other destinations ) . // The largest concentration of Venezuelans in the United States is in South Florida , especially the suburbs of Doral and Weston .

has developed its own vocabulary . In addition , it contains many words from Nahuatl , the language spoken by the ancient Aztecs of Mexico .
Because of its relative isolation from other Spanish - speaking areas over most of its 400-year existence , New Mexico Spanish , and in particular the Spanish of northern New Mexico and Colorado has retained many elements of 16th- and 17th - century Spanish and has developed its own vocabulary . // In addition , it contains many words from Nahuatl , the language spoken by the ancient Aztecs of Mexico .

borrowings from English . Grammatical changes include the loss of the second person verb form , changes in verb endings
New Mexican Spanish also contains loan words from the Pueblo languages of the upper Rio Grande Valley , Mexican - Spanish words ( mexicanismos ) , and borrowings from English . // Grammatical changes include the loss of the second person verb form , changes in verb endings , particularly in the preterite , and partial merging of the second and third conjugations .

. The Government of Texas , through Section 2054.116 of the Government Code , mandates that state agencies provide information on their websites in Spanish
Texas 's counties bordering Mexico are mostly Hispanic , and consequently , Spanish is commonly spoken in the region . // The Government of Texas , through Section 2054.116 of the Government Code , mandates that state agencies provide information on their websites in Spanish to assist residents who have limited English proficiency .

following the precedent set by the Bill Clinton administration . Official Spanish translations are available at WhiteHouse.gov .
The State of the Union Addresses and other presidential speeches are translated to Spanish , following the precedent set by the Bill Clinton administration . // Official Spanish translations are available at WhiteHouse.gov .

Russell ( Rusty ) Thomas
Russell ( Rusty ) // Thomas served as Fire Chief until June 2008 , and was succeeded by Chief Thomas Carr in November 2008 .

in the 1980s and 1990s , especially after the publication of Angus Calder 's book The Myth of the Blitz ( 1991 ) .
This image entered the historiography of the Second World War in the 1980s and 1990s , especially after the publication of Angus Calder 's book // The Myth of the Blitz ( 1991 ) .

a " distinct population segment . "
A " species " under the act can be a true taxonomic species , a subspecies , or in the case of vertebrates , a " distinct population segment . // " The procedures are the same for both types except with the person / organization petition , there is a 90-day screening period .

" Below atmospheric "
Low vacuum is often measured in millimeters of mercury ( mmHg ) or pascals ( Pa ) below standard atmospheric pressure . " // Below atmospheric " means that the absolute pressure is equal to the current atmospheric pressure .

105,000 ( disputed , sources claim higher ) people , in Albania . The Greek minority of Turkey
There is a sizeable Greek minority of about 105,000 ( disputed , sources claim higher ) people , in Albania . // The Greek minority of Turkey , which numbered upwards of 200,000 people after the 1923 exchange , has now dwindled to a few thousand , after the 1955 Constantinople Pogrom and other state sponsored violence and discrimination .

authors of the century of Louis XIV . Fontenelle
The opposing two sides were , the Ancients ( Anciens ) who constrain choice of subjects to those drawn from the literature of Antiquity and the Moderns ( Modernes ) , who supported the merits of the authors of the century of Louis XIV . // Fontenelle quickly followed with his Digression sur les anciens et les modernes ( 1688 ) , in which he took the Modern side , pressing the argument that modern scholarship allowed modern man to surpass the ancients in knowledge .

Rr / ( Rr + Rloss )
Therefore , the efficiency of an antenna is equal to Rr / // ( Rr + Rloss ) .

Nizam - ul - Mulk ( Administrator of the Realm )
In 1713 Farrukhsiyar , the Mughal emperor , appointed Asif Jah I to be Viceroy of the Deccan , with the title Nizam - // ul - Mulk ( Administrator of the Realm ) .

1948 . On 17 September
The Hyderabad State Congress , with the support of the Indian National Congress and the Communist Party of India , began agitating against Nizam VII in 1948 . // On 17 September that year , the Indian Army took control of Hyderabad State after an invasion codenamed Operation Polo .

Warner Brothers Studios
To defend against air attack set designers from the Warner Brothers // Studios prepared elaborate camouflage that disguised the factory and airfield .

17 Again
17 // Again ( 2009 ) was shot at Samohi .

Arizona traffic code Title 28 - 910
Arizona traffic code // Title 28 - 910 , the so - called " Stupid Motorist Law " , was instituted in 1995 to discourage people from entering flooded roadways .

Tiridates I
In the next centuries , Armenia was in the Persian Empire 's sphere of influence during the reign of Tiridates // I , the founder of the Arsacid dynasty of Armenia , which itself was a branch of the eponymous Arsacid dynasty of Parthia .

Ziehl – Neelsen
Some organisms are best identified by stains other than the Gram stain , particularly mycobacteria or Nocardia , which show acid - fastness on Ziehl – // Neelsen or similar stains .

Gram stain and the Ziehl – Neelsen
Ehrlich had been awarded a 1908 Nobel Prize for his work on immunology , and pioneered the use of stains to detect and identify bacteria , with his work being the basis of the Gram stain and the Ziehl – // Neelsen stain .

In India , the matches are broadcast live on STAR Sports . In China
In India , the matches are broadcast live on STAR Sports . // In China , the broadcast rights were awarded to Super Sports in a six - year agreement that began in the 2013–14 season .

Tashrih al - badan ( Anatomy of the body )
Muslim physicians contributed to the field of medicine , including the subjects of anatomy and physiology : such as in the 15th century Persian work by Mansur ibn Muhammad ibn al - Faqih Ilyas entitled Tashrih al - badan // ( Anatomy of the body ) which contained comprehensive diagrams of the body 's structural , nervous and circulatory systems ; or in the work of the Egyptian physician Ibn al - Nafis , who proposed the theory of pulmonary circulation .

Windows 8 Pro and Windows RT devices
A method to sideload apps from outside Windows Store is available to devices running Windows 8 Enterprise and joined to a domain ; Windows 8 Pro and Windows // RT devices that are not part of a domain can also sideload apps , but only after special product keys are obtained through volume licensing .

Mswati II . KaNgwane
Swaziland derives its name from a later king named Mswati II . // KaNgwane , named for Ngwane III , is an alternative name for Swaziland the surname of whose royal house remains Nkhosi Dlamini .

Kiev . Sviatoslav I
Kievan Rus ' begins with the rule ( 882–912 ) of Prince Oleg , who extended his control from Novgorod south along the Dnieper river valley in order to protect trade from Khazar incursions from the east and moved his capital to the more strategic Kiev . // Sviatoslav I ( died 972 ) achieved the first major expansion of Kievan Rus ' territorial control , fighting a war of conquest against the Khazar Empire .

Vladimir the Great
A son of Vladimir // the Great , he was vice - regent of Novgorod at the time of his father 's death in 1015 .

the St . GIGA satellite radio station
Japan saw the release of the Satellaview , a modem which attached to the Super Famicom 's expansion port and connected to the St . // GIGA satellite radio station .

John ( also known as Jack ) O'Brien
John ( also known as Jack ) // O'Brien was the first European to settle in Tuvalu , he became a trader on Funafuti in the 1850s .

pule o kaupule
Under the Falekaupule Act ( 1997 ) , the powers and functions of the Falekaupule are now shared with the pule // o kaupule ( elected village presidents ; one on each atoll ) .

Recognised Seasonal Employer ( RSE ) Work Policy
Tuvaluans also have access to seasonal employment in the horticulture and viticulture industries in New Zealand under the Recognised Seasonal Employer ( // RSE ) Work Policy introduced in 2007 allowing for employment of up to 5,000 workers from Tuvalu and other Pacific islands .

include original sin as well as actual . Thus in the first five centuries such epithets as "
Their expressions on the subject of the sinlessness of Mary are , it is pointed out , so ample and so absolute that they must be taken to include original sin as well as actual . // Thus in the first five centuries such epithets as " in every respect holy " , " in all things unstained " , " super - innocent " , and " singularly holy " are applied to her ; she is compared to Eve before the fall , as ancestress of a redeemed people ; she is " the earth before it was accursed " .

with a specially composed Mass and Office of the feast . With his bull Cum praeexcelsa of 28 February 1477
On 28 February 1476 , Pope Sixtus IV , authorized those dioceses that wished to introduce the feast to do so , and introduced it to his own diocese of Rome in 1477 , with a specially composed Mass and Office of the feast . // With his bull Cum praeexcelsa of 28 February 1477 , in which he referred to the feast as that of the Conception of Mary , without using the word " Immaculate " , he granted indulgences to those who would participate in the specially composed Mass or Office on the feast itself or during its octave , and he used the word " immaculate " of Mary , but applied instead the adjective " miraculous " to her conception .

published Esame Critico sulla dottrina dell’ Angelico Dottore S. Tommaso di Aquino circa il Peccato originale , relativamente alla Beatissima Vergine Maria
In 1839 Mariano Spada ( 1796 - 1872 ) , professor of theology at the Roman College of Saint Thomas , published Esame Critico sulla dottrina dell’ Angelico Dottore S. // Tommaso di Aquino circa il Peccato originale , relativamente alla Beatissima Vergine Maria [ A critical examination of the doctrine of St. Thomas Aquinas , the Angelic Doctor , regarding original sin with respect to the Most Blessed Virgin Mary ] , in which Aquinas is interpreted not as treating the question of the Immaculate Conception later formulated in the papal bull Ineffabilis Deus but rather the sanctification of the fetus within Mary 's womb .

clouds , a golden light , and cherubs . In some paintings the cherubim are holding lilies and roses , flowers often associated with Mary .
Additional imagery may include clouds , a golden light , and cherubs . // In some paintings the cherubim are holding lilies and roses , flowers often associated with Mary .

pronounce unstressed /o/ clearly
The Northern Russian dialects and those spoken along the Volga River typically pronounce unstressed /o/ // clearly ( the phenomenon called okanye/оканье ) .

copper and aluminium - doped zinc sulfide ( ZnS : Cu , Al )
White LEDs can also be made by coating near - ultraviolet ( NUV ) LEDs with a mixture of high - efficiency europium - based phosphors that emit red and blue , plus copper and aluminium - doped zinc sulfide ( ZnS : // Cu , Al )

peanuts , sweet potatoes and maize . New species of rice
The dramatic rise in population was due to several reasons , including the long period of peace and stability in the 18th century and the import of new crops China received from the Americas , including peanuts , sweet potatoes and maize . // New species of rice from Southeast Asia led to a huge increase in production .

" Pre - Columbian "
While technically referring to the era before Christopher Columbus ' voyages of 1492 to 1504 , in practice the term usually includes the history of American indigenous cultures until Europeans either conquered or significantly influenced them , even if this happened decades or even centuries after Columbus ' initial landing . " // Pre - Columbian " is used especially often in the context of discussing the great indigenous civilizations of the Americas , such as those of Mesoamerica ( the Olmec , the Toltec , the Teotihuacano , the Zapotec , the Mixtec , the Aztec , and the Maya civilizations ) and those of the Andes ( Inca Empire , Moche culture , Muisca Confederation , Cañaris ) .

Egyptian Arabic ( 68 % ) , Sa'idi Arabic ( 29 % ) , Eastern Egyptian Bedawi Arabic ( 1.6 % )
The spoken languages are : Egyptian Arabic ( 68 % ) , Sa'idi // Eastern Egyptian Bedawi Arabic ( 1.6 % ) , Sudanese Arabic ( 0.6 % ) , Domari ( 0.3 % ) , Nobiin ( 0.3 % ) ,

Theodosius I
His successor Theodosius // I extinguished Vesta 's sacred fire and vacated her temple .

say we did our best to come up with a better alternative . Or they could vote for it and make the same argument
And if we lost on the motion to recommit , our Republican members had a choice : They could vote against the Johnson program and say we did our best to come up with a better alternative . // Or they could vote for it and make the same argument .

" separate from the world . "
Jehovah 's Witnesses are taught that it is vital to remain " separate from the world . // " The Witnesses ' literature defines the " world " as " the mass of mankind apart from Jehovah 's approved servants " and teach that it is morally contaminated and ruled by Satan .

Ft . Leavenworth
When the U.S. entered World War I he immediately requested an overseas assignment but was again denied and then assigned to Ft . // Leavenworth , Kansas .

